add ref to landing page for guides (#299)
mongodb/docs-node: source/index.txt

Introduction
------------

> Welcome to the documentation site for the official MongoDB Node.js
> driver. You can add the driver to your application to work with MongoDB

Reviewer: Suggestion:
Not related to the actual change, but seems like using the source constant here might help in the long run.

```suggestion
Welcome to the documentation site for the official {+driver-long+}. You can add the driver to your application to work with MongoDB
```
